EMWEB NON-COMMERCIAL PUBLIC LICENSE

Version 1.0.0, 10 October 2017

Copyright (c) 2017 Emweb BVBA, 3020 Herent, Belgium

Preamble

Emweb wants to give academic researchers the freedom to use and to
improve software it has developed, subject to the terms and conditions
of this non-commercial public license.

Terms and Conditions

  1. Definitions

  “License” refers to the Emweb non-commercial public license, version
1.0.0.

  “Copyright” also means copyright-like laws that apply to other kinds
of works, such as semiconductors.

  “Copyright Notice” means the following mention: “Copyright © 2017
Emweb BVBA, 3020 Herent, Belgium”

  “Intellectual Property Rights” means trademarks, trade names, domain
names, copyrights, patents, (un)registered designs, trade secrets and
all other intellectual and industrial property rights.

  The “Program” refers to any copyrightable work licensed under this
License.

  2. Permission to use, redistribute and modify the Program

  Individuals and organisations are permitted to use, redistribute and
modify the Program, provided that the following conditions are met:

     1. Redistributions of source code must retain the Copyright
     Notice, the terms and conditions of this License, and the
     disclaimer of warranty and limitation of liability as provided
     for in Section 3 of this License.

     2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the Copyright
     Notice, the terms and conditions of this License, and the
     disclaimer of warranty and limitation of liability as provided
     for in Section 3 of this License in the documentation and/or
     other materials provided with the distribution.

     3. Remote access to an executable form (through a web interface,
     web service, as part of a software package or other) must
     reproduce the Copyright Notice, the terms and conditions of this
     License, and the disclaimer of warranty and limitation of
     liability as provided for in Section 3 of this License in the
     documentation and in the user interface (if applicable).

     4. No redistribution or modification is allowed if, in any
     manner, intended for, or directed toward, commercial advantage or
     private monetary compensation. Use of the Program or of a
     modified version of the Program which is in any manner intended
     for, or directed toward, commercial advantage or private monetary
     compensation must be limited to a period of 30 consecutive
     calendar days.

     5. Modifications to the Program may only be distributed and
     redistributed to the extent:

        a. The modified Program carries prominent notices stating that
	you modified it, and giving a relevant date of the
	modification;

        b. The modified Program carries prominent notices stating that
	it is released under this License;

        c. The original distributor of the modified Program represents
	and warrants that no third party Intellectual Property Rights
	are being infringed by the distribution or the subsequent
	redistribution of the modified Program in accordance with this
	Licence

        d. All rights, inclusive of the Intellectual Property Rights,
	in the modified Program are transferred to Emweb.

     6. By distributing or redistributing a modified version of the
     Program, you recognize explicitly to relinquish the right to
     invoke any moral rights you may have in the modified
     version. This relinquishment includes, but is not limited to, the
     relinquishment of the right to divulgation, reproduction,
     transformation and the right of being named.

     Unless stated otherwise, all rights granted under this License
     are granted for the term of copyright on the Program, and are
     irrevocable provided the stated conditions are met. Any use,
     modification, distribution or redistribution which is contrary to
     these terms and conditions will automatically terminate your
     rights under this License.

  3. Disclaimer of warranty and limitation of liability

  THE PROGRAM IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY
THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

  4. Severability

  If any provision of this License should be held invalid, unlawful or
unenforceable in any respect in any jurisdiction, then, to the fullest
extent permitted by applicable law, (i) all other provisions hereof
shall remain in full force and effect in such jurisdiction and shall
be liberally construed in order to carry out the intention of the
parties as nearly as possible and (ii) such invalidity, unlawfulness
or unenforceability shall not affect the validity, legality or
enforceability of such provision in any other jurisdiction. To the
fullest extent permitted by applicable law, you hereby waive any legal
provision that would render any provision of this License prohibited
or unenforceable in any respect.

  5. Applicable law and competent jurisdiction

  All issues, questions and disputes concerning the validity,
interpretation, enforcement, performance or termination of this
License shall be governed by and construed in accordance with Belgian
law. Any disputes in relation to or arising from this License shall be
submitted to the competent Dutch-speaking courts of Brussels.

  If the disclaimer of warranty and limitation of liability provided
above cannot be given local legal effect according to their terms,
reviewing courts shall apply local law that most closely approximates
an absolute waiver of all civil liability in connection with the
Program, unless a warranty or assumption of liability accompanies a
copy of the Program in return for a fee.
